Added IIS settings to keep Vonk running (#39)
simplifhir/simplifier-docs: vonk/deployment/reverseProxy/iis.rst

.. image:: ../../images/iis_create_website.png
  :align: center

3. Edit the application pool to set the **.NET CLR VERSION** to **NO Managed Code**, similar to the picture below (we use  IIS as a reverse proxy, so it isn’t actually executing any .NET code). To edit the application pool, go to the **Application Pools** panel, right-click the website's app pool and select **Advanced Settings...** from the popup menu.

.. image:: ../../images/iis_edit_application_pool.png
  :align: center

.. attention::

>    IIS will pauze a website if it is idle for a while. Pauzing a dotnet process is the same as shutting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   IIS will pause a website if it is idle for a while. Pausing a dotnet process is the same as shutting
```

Author: Yes, the images should render when they're deployed to RTD, but I'll keep an eye out for that. I'll make the change you suggested, and will then merge.
